# Smart Patch
An amazing patching server for ultrapowa and redmoon servers with an amazing slick UI for the ease of users with online server management.

##What is it?

You can upload the patches generated by the coc server emulator to here and include your dedicated server patch to your configuration file of the server

##How to use it?

1. Generate your patch using patch generator (WIKI will be written afterwards)
2. Now .zip archive the folder with unique serial numbers
3. Go to your account and click on patches (Create an account if you don't have one)
4. Click on Upload and upload your patch.
5. Go to your configuration file of the server and change `Using custom patch` or `patching server` to your provided address
6. Launch your game and you are good to go!

Check out the full tutorial at https://github.com/smartclash/smartpatch/wiki/Patching---Ultrapowa

##Installing it into web server

1. Go to release section and download the latest one.
2. Open the file using any extractor and then place it into your `www` folder
3. go to you browser and type `localhost/install.php` or `yourdomain.com/install.php`
4. Install Smart Patch by providing the asked details
5. Now go to `assetes > php > main and open db.php`
6. Edit as per your liking with correct information
7. That's it, you are good to go.
 
###For linux based :
1. Just type `sudo git clone https://github.com/smartclash/smartpatch/
2. Then do steps mentioned above for installing in web server

#Credits : 

The whole script is created by Jake cryptic https://github.com/jake-cryptic/patchy2

#Contribute

You are free to fork us and pull requests at the `build` branch. Please pull requests at `master` branch only if you find serious issues or if you got permission from the admin to touch the files. This is open-sourced licensed under GPLv3.0 and you are free to do anything.

#Disclaimer for Super Cell

***Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for "fair use" for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational or personal use tips the balance in favor of fair use.***
